Provide initial functionality (#4)
cisagov/publish-egress-ip-lambda: README.md

[![GitHub Build Status](https://github.com/cisagov/publish-egress-ip-lambda/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cisagov/publish-egress-ip-lambda/actions)

> This repository contains code to create a Lambda function that can scan a set

Reviewer: Since this repository technically only creates a Lambda function artifact that can be used to create an actual Lambda functioin.

```suggestion
This repository contains the code for a Lambda function that can scan a set
```

of AWS accounts and publish files (to an S3 bucket) containing the public IP
addresses of EC2 instances or Elastic IPs that have been properly tagged.

> Refer to the "Lambda inputs" section below, specifically the

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure this is the correct syntax.

```suggestion
Refer to the [Lambda inputs](#lambda-inputs) section below, specifically the
```

This will output the deployment zip file in the root directory.

To customize the name of the deployment file, you can override the
`BUILD_FILE_NAME` environment variable.  For example:

```console

> BUILD_FILE_NAME="publish_egress_ip_lambda.zip" docker compose up build_deployment_package

Reviewer: I'm not strongly against this, but wouldn't it make more sense to talk about configuring this in the Compose file?

Author: I'm fine with mentioning both ways.  @mcdonnnj Can you write some verbiage about this in [skeleton-aws-lambda-python](https://github.com/cisagov/skeleton-aws-lambda-python) and then it can filter to all of the descendants?

Reviewer: Good idea. I created https://github.com/cisagov/skeleton-aws-lambda-python/issues/26 to track this work.

This will output the deployment zipfile in the root directory.

## Lambda inputs ##

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| account\_ids | The list of AWS accounts to query for egress IPs to publish. | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| application\_tag | The name of the AWS tag whose value represents the application associated with an IP address. | `string` | `"Application"` | no |
| bucket\_name | The name of the S3 bucket to publish egress IP address information to. | `string` | n/a | yes |

> | domain | The domain hosting the published file(s) containing egress IPs. | `string` | n/a | yes |

Reviewer: The Lambda uses a `.get()` with a default for this value.

```suggestion
| domain | The domain hosting the published file(s) containing egress IPs. | `string` | `"example.gov"` | no |
```

| ec2\_read\_role\_name | The name of the IAM role that allows read access to the necessary EC2 attributes.  Note that this role must exist in each account that you want to query and it must be assumable by Lambda.  For an example policy, see [`cisagov/cool-accounts`](https://github.com/cisagov/cool-accounts/blob/develop/dynamic/ec2readonly_policy.tf). | `string` | `"EC2ReadOnly"` | no |

> | file\_configs | A list of objects that define the files to be published.  "app_regex" specifies a regular expression that is matched against the value of the application_tag to determine if the address should be included in the file.  "description" is the description of the published file.  "filename" is the name to assign the published file.  "static\_ips" is the list of CIDR blocks that will always be included in the published file. | `list(object({ app_regex = string, description = string, filename = string, static_ips = list(string) }))` | n/a | yes |

Reviewer: I know this is copied from the Terraform project but I would prefer we be a little more Pythonic in our terminology (I'm not going to harass you to rewrite this using Python type hint syntax).

```suggestion
| file\_configs | A list of dictionaries that define the files to be published.  "app_regex" specifies a regular expression that is matched against the value of the application_tag to determine if the address should be included in the file.  "description" is the description of the published file.  "filename" is the name to assign the published file.  "static\_ips" is the list of CIDR blocks that will always be included in the published file. | `list(dict({ app_regex = string, description = string, filename = string, static_ips = list(string) }))` | n/a | yes |
```

| file\_header | The header template for each published file.  The following variables are available within the template: `{domain}` - the domain where the published files are located, `{filename}` - the name of the published file, `{timestamp}` - the timestamp when the file was published, `{description}` - the description of the published file. | `string` | `"###\n# https://{domain}/{filename}\n# {timestamp}\n# {description}\n###\n"` | no |
| publish\_egress\_tag | The name of the AWS tag whose value represents whether the EC2 instance or elastic IP should have its public IP address published. | `string` | `"Publish Egress"` | no |

> | region\_filters | A list of AWS EC2 region filters to use when querying for IP addresses to publish.  If a filter is not specified, the query will be performed in all regions.  An example filter to restrict to US regions looks like this: `[{ "Name" : "endpoint", "Values" : ["*.us-*"] }]`.  For more information, refer to the [AWS EC2 CLI documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-regions.html). | `list(object({ Name = string, Values = list(string) }))` | `[]` | no |

Reviewer: Same basis.

```suggestion
| region\_filters | A list of AWS EC2 region filters to use when querying for IP addresses to publish.  If a filter is not specified, the query will be performed in all regions.  An example filter to restrict to US regions looks like this: `[{ "Name" : "endpoint", "Values" : ["*.us-*"] }]`.  For more information, refer to the [AWS EC2 CLI documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-regions.html). | `list(dict({ Name = string, Values = list(string) }))` | `[]` | no |
```

| task | The name of Lambda task to perform.  Currently, the only valid value is `"publish"`. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Example Lambda input ##

The following is an example of the JSON input event that is expected by the
Lambda:

```json
{

>     "accounts": [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "account_ids": [
```

        "123456789012",
        "234567890123"
    ],

>     "bucket": "my-egress-ip-bucket",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "bucket_name": "my-egress-ip-bucket",
```

pipenv lock
```

## Lambda inputs ##

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| account\_ids | The list of AWS accounts to query for egress IPs to publish. | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |
| application\_tag | The name of the AWS tag whose value represents the application associated with an IP address. | `string` | `"Application"` | no |
| bucket\_name | The name of the S3 bucket to publish egress IP address information to. | `string` | n/a | yes |

> | domain | The domain hosting the published file(s) containing egress IPs. | `string` | `"example.gov"` | no |

Reviewer: Perhaps overkill but it might be nice to specify that it should be a FQDN as the default value could lead to misinterpretation.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/cisagov/publish-egress-ip-lambda/pull/4/commits/ce708ebedc941aa5973450943a4e4cf6a503ba4b - let me know if that works.

| publish\_egress\_tag | The name of the AWS tag whose value represents whether the EC2 instance or elastic IP should have its public IP address published. | `string` | `"Publish Egress"` | no |
| region\_filters | A list of AWS EC2 region filters to use when querying for IP addresses to publish.  If a filter is not specified, the query will be performed in all regions.  An example filter to restrict to US regions looks like this: `[{ "Name" : "endpoint", "Values" : ["*.us-*"] }]`.  For more information, refer to the [AWS EC2 CLI documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-regions.html). | `list(dict({ Name = string, Values = list(string) }))` | `[]` | no |

> | task | The name of Lambda task to perform.  Currently, the only valid value is `"publish"`. | `string` | n/a | yes |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| task | The name of the Lambda task to perform.  Currently, the only valid value is `"publish"`. | `string` | n/a | yes |
```
